You are now in the third week
of the Capstone Project,
which means we are
halfway through
building a complete RL system.
So far, we have formalized
the lunar lander problem
using the language of MDPs.
Last week, we discussed
which algorithm to use
to solve that MDP.
Now, let's discuss the meta
parameter choices that
you will have to make to
fully implement the agent.
This means we need to decide
on the function approximator,
choices in the optimizer for
updating the action values,
and how to do exploration.
So which function
approximator will you use?
My general advice is to
always start simple.
For a function approximation,
that would mean using a fixed
basis like tile coding.
Unfortunately, that might
not be the best choice for
this problem without carefully
designing the tile coder.
If you tile all the
inputs together,
the number of features grows
exponentially with
the input dimension.
For example, if you want
to use ten tiles per
dimension for this
eight-dimensional problem,
you could easily end up
with 100 million features.
So maybe we should consider
using a neural network instead.
One hidden layer should
be sufficiently powerful
to represent the value
function for lunar lander,
and it will be a bit easier
for you to implement.
We need to decide the number of
hidden units in that layer.
Remember that you get to choose
the size of the hidden
layer of a neural network.
As you add more nodes to a layer,
you add more
representational power.
However, the more nodes you
add the more parameters
there are to learn.
We also need to pick the
activation functions.
We could use a
sigmoidal function like
tanh but these have some
issues of saturation.
Think about when the inputs to
the activation function
are high magnitude,
either positive or negative.
The gradient is computed in
these flat regions
of the activation.
Such a gradient near
zero does not provide
much signal to change our
weights and can slow learning.
We can also use a linear
threshold unit or LTU.
But again, these flat regions
make it hard to train
the neural network.
A pretty effective and
common choice is to
use rectified linear
units or ReLUs.
So let's go ahead with those.
We also need to discuss how
we are going to train
the neural network.
Using vanilla stochastic
gradient descent
will likely be too
slow for this project.
So what are other options?
We could try this
algorithm called adagrad.
The downside to this
is that adagrad
decays the step
sizes towards zero,
which can be problematic for
non-stationary learning.
We could try RMSProp,
which uses information about
the curvature of the loss to
improve the descent step.
However, we'd like to also
incorporate momentum
to speed up learning.
A good choice can be
the ADAM optimizer.
This combines the
curvature information
from RMSProp and momentum.
We finally need to discuss
which expiration
method we will use.
What about optimistic
initial values?
This would be a reasonable
choice if we were using
a linear function approximator
with non-negative features.
But since we are using
a neural network,
it is difficult to maintain
optimistic values and so is
unlikely to be effective.
We can also consider
Epsilon greedy,
this is very straight
forward to implement.
The downside though is that
it's exploration completely
ignores whatever information
the action values might have.
It is equally likely to
explore an action with
really negative value as an
action with moderate value.
I know how about we
use a Softmax policy?
This choice could be better
because the probability of
selecting an action is
proportional to the
value of that action.
This way we are less likely to
explore actions that we
think are really bad.
By the way, in course 3,
we only talked about
Softmax policies
on action preferences.
We use policy gradient methods to
adjust the action preferences.
But it is not a big
leap to consider
using an action value
method like expected SARSA,
and use a Softmax directly
on the learn action values.
There are few things
to consider when
using a Softmax on
the action values.
First, let's think about how it
affects the expected
SARSA update.
Remember that we need to compute
the expectation over action
values for the next state.
This means we'll need to
compute the probabilities for
all the actions first under
the Softmax function.
Next, we also need
to consider how much
the agent focuses on the
highest value actions.
We control those with a
temperature parameter called Tau.
If Tau is large,
then the agent is more stochastic
and selects more of the actions.
For very large Tau,
the agent behaves nearly like
a uniform random policy.
For very small Tau,
the agent mostly selects
the greedy action.
Finally, we need to consider
an additional trick to
avoid overflow issues when
computing the Softmax.
Imagine that the action
values are large.
Exponentiating those
values can get very large.
Instead, we can use
the fact that subtracting
a constant from
the action values when computing
the probabilities has no effect.
For example, we can subtract
the maximum action value
divided by the temperature.
Then, all the exponents
are negative and we
avoid taking the exponent
of large positive numbers.
Altogether, we now have a
reasonable strategy to learn
an optimal soft policy that also
explores a bit more intelligently
than Epsilon greedy.
The agent takes
actions according to
its current Softmax policy
and uses expected SARSA updates.
That's it for this video.
Today, we brainstorm some
of the key choices in your agent.
Overall, there are a
lot of choices to make.
Most of these choices we set by
reasoning through what might
be the most appropriate,
like we did for the choices
in the function approximator.
Other choices like
specific step sizes in
the optimizer or
exploration parameters
like the temperature,
can be less obvious
to simply select.
We will discuss more
ways to determine
these parameters in
module 5. See you then.